updated pricing.md (#654)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/pricing.md

> There are no costs or charges for using your free credits. However, there may be some small storage costs, as the input and output of your credits jobs are stored in a storage account that you pay for. Job data is typically <1MB per job.
> For more details, see [Azure Blob Storage pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/blobs/).

### [H1 Subscriptions](#tab/tabid-H1)

> The H1 Subscriptions are a monthly subscription plan available through queued access providing access to the H1-1 quantum computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The H1 Subscriptions are monthly subscription plans available through queued access providing access to the H1-1 quantum computer.
```

|Standard Pricing| Includes access to |
|---|---|
|USD125,000/Month + Azure infrastructure costs | <ul><li>10k HQCs for use on the System Model H1 hardware</li><li>100k eHQCs for use on the System Model H1 Emulator</li></ul>|

|Premium Pricing| Includes access to |
|---|---|
|USD175,000/Month + Azure infrastructure costs | <ul><li>17k HQCs for use on the System Model H1 hardware</li><li>170k eHQCs for use on the System Model H1 Emulator</li></ul>|

For more information about Azure infrastructure costs, see [Azure Blob Storage pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/blobs/).

### [H1 + H2 Subscriptions](#tab/tabid-H2)

> The Standard H1 + H2 Subscriptions are a monthly subscription plan available through queued access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standard H1 + H2 Subscriptions are monthly subscription plans available through queued access.
```

|Standard Pricing|  Includes access to  |
|---|---|
|USD135,000/Month + Azure infrastructure costs | <ul><li>10k HQCs for use on the System Model H1 and H2 hardware</li><li>100k eHQCs for use on the System Model H1 or H2 emulators</li></ul>|

|Premium Pricing | Includes access to  |
|---|---|
|USD185,000/Month + Azure infrastructure costs| <ul><li>17k HQCs for use on System Model H1 and H2 hardware</li><li>170k eHQCs for use on the System Model H1 or H2 emulators</li></ul>|

For more information about Azure infrastructure costs, see [Azure Blob Storage pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/storage/blobs/).

### [Pay as You Go](#tab/tabid-PAYG)

The Pay as You Go plan provides queued access to either the H1 series quantum computers or H2 series quantum computers and is charged per HQC usage.

|H1 Pricing| Includes access to |
|---|---|

> |Per credit cost + Azure infrastructure costs | <ul><li>H1 series quantum computers and emulator|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Per HQC usage + Azure infrastructure costs | <ul><li>H1 series quantum computers and emulator|
```
